DOC-532: update Enterprise overview, editions and quickstarts (#1784)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/getting-started/pages/wan-replication-tutorial.adoc

. Close the SQL browser.

== Step 5: Verify the map is replicating

With WAN Replication enabled, your `cities` map and its data should be replicated from the active Tokyo cluster to the passive London cluster. This section shows you how to check this.

. Select *London* from the *Cluster* dropdown in the Top Menu.
. Click **Storage** > **Maps** and check you can see the `cities` map.
. You can query the map entries on the `London` cluster using the SQL browser in Management Center. First, you need to create a mapping so that the `London` cluster can read the map entries. Open the SQL Browser again and select the *Connector Wizard*.
. Enter the following query and click *CONFIRM AND RUN*:
+
[source,sql]
----
CREATE MAPPING cities (__key INT, country VARCHAR, city VARCHAR)
TYPE IMap 
OPTIONS ('keyFormat'='int', 'valueFormat' = 'json-flat');
----
+
. You should see confirmation the mapping is successful and you can *Close* the Connector Wizard.
+
image:wan/create-mapping-london.png[Create mapping on the London cluster]
. You can now enter the `SELECT * FROM cities;` query into the SQL Browser and *Execute* to see the replicated `cities` map.
. Close the SQL Browser.

> == Step 6: Update a Map entry on the active cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Step 6: Update a map entry on the active cluster
```

. Open the SQL Browser again, choose *cities* in the *select a map* field and execute the default query.
. You should be able to see the `1` _key entry updated through replication.

In this step, you have seen that a data modification in the active cluster is immediately replicated to the passive cluster.

TIP: As an additional learning step, you could try modifying the map data on the passive cluster and confirming the change is not replicated on the active cluster.

== Step 7: Shut down the cluster

As an alternative to terminating the clusters via the terminal, you can use Management Center to shut down clusters. For each cluster:

. Go to **Cluster** > **Administration**, and select the **Cluster State** tab.

. Click **Shutdown** and confirm the dialog that appears.

== Summary

In this tutorial, you learned how to:

* Start a passive {enterprise-product-name} cluster.
* Start an active cluster with WAN Replication.
* Create a map in the active cluster and confirm it's replicated.
* Modify some map entries in the active cluster and see the changes replicated in the passive cluster.

== Next steps

> Learn more about xref:getting-started:wan-replication-tutorial.adoc[Synchronizing Data Across Clusters] or continue your onboarding by following another tutorial in this series:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about xref:getting-started:wan-replication-tutorial.adoc[Synchronizing Data Across Clusters] or follow another tutorial in this series:
```
